♪ MTV ♪
We need to find a
solution. all right?
We have to find a way forward.
I appreciate the relationship
between the Dogans
and the Lazaros goes back
more than three decades.
I appreciate that
it's an ecosystem
spanning North and East London.
Myriad complex. interdependent
revenue streams.
the collapse of which will
affect entire communities
and cost literally millions.
I mean. not just to us. Right?
But to you. Costas. yeah?
And you. Mehmet.
And your families.
Why? Because of some
stupid fucking beef
that-that we can put to
bed right here. yeah?
Right now.
With a handshake and an apology.
I will shake hands.
Okay.
For the sake of peace...
I will also.
But apology? No.
I don't understand a
fucking word you're saying.
Uh. wh-what are you
saying? Are-are you saying
you are willing
to accept a truce?
Based solely on a handshake
but with no apology?
I will shake hands.
Okay. Mehmet?
Okay. That's good.
That's a start. innit?
That's good. Hold
that thought.
Okay?
Uh-huh.
Where are we?
They've agreed to shake hands.
Hmm.
No apologies?
No.
Well...
...what does your gut tell you?
Honestly?
That it's a bit of
sticky plaster. innit?
Last maybe five.
six months at best.
Then they'll kick off and
we'd be back where we started.
Maybe worse.
My source inside the
Dogans tells me that. uh.
Mehmet has been
skimming off the top.
And it's a damn sight more
than two or three grand
here and there.
And it turns out that Costas
has been a naughty boy. too.
It's always the
same. in any orchard.
You plant the trees.
The trees grow tall.
Then. sooner or later.
they begin to get mangled.
and before you know it.
the apples start to rot.
And that. Harry. my
son. is pruning time.
All right.
Right. Change of plan.
Fuck.
Paul.
Yes. Conrad.
Take the boys over to Hackney.
Dot the i's. cross the T's.
Harry.
Call the Maltese.
Tell them there's a gap in
the market on the brown.
They have 24 hours in
which to make an offer.
Uh... Yeah.
Huh.
Thirty years.
When I think of all the fucking
Turkish delight I had to eat...
You fucking whore. you.
You.
All right.
Twenty-four hours. Hmm?
♪ "Starburster" by
Fontaines D.C. ♪
♪ It may feel bad ♪
♪ I wanna see you alone.
I wanna sharp the stone ♪
♪ I wanna bounce the bone.
I wanna mess with it ♪
♪ I wanna lay the Deville.
the whole crew on the sill ♪
♪ I want the preacher and
pill. I wanna bless with it ♪
♪ I wanna head to a mass
and get cast in it ♪
♪ That shit's funnier
than any A-class. innit? ♪
♪ I wanna talk with the clown
who has apologies down ♪
♪ Pay him 300 pounds
to take a class in it ♪
♪ I wanna bite the phone.
I wanna bleed the tone ♪
♪ I wanna see you alone.
alone. alone. lone ♪
♪ I wanna strait the shark and
find me somewhere to park ♪
♪ Like the light when it's dark.
it's dark. it's dark. dark ♪
♪ A few stars about make
it feel like peace ♪
♪ In a way ♪
♪ A complimentary round ♪
♪ Constellation
got a twist in it ♪
♪ For a GPO and all
the hits in it ♪
♪ I'm gonna hit your business
if it's momentary blissness ♪
Nah. that's it.
bro. I'm-I'm cooked.
Not yet. you're not.
We've got a date with Destiny.
And Bethany. and
Alexis. and. oh. Zara.
- Oh. hello.
- T-T-Taxi!
What the actual fuck? Stevers.
Stevers. you penis.
Mink. Kingster. What are
you bellends doing here?
Stevers. come on.
Oh. where are you off to?
Nowhere.
Harrigan knows a banging
spot. Roll with us.
- Nah. you're all right.
- Come on. let's roll.
We're rolling.
For fuck's sake.
- Fucking love it.
- Me first.
Ladies first.
Fuck.
Here you are. get
that up your schnoz.
- The fuck are you doing?
- Historic moment.
Eddie Harrigan and Tommy
Stevenson in the same cab.
What would their dads say?
It's like being with the
Kray twins. What the fuck?
What's the matter?
Nothing to say to the Krays?
It was just a joke.
Oh.
It was my new phone.
Here.
Dry your eyes with that.
This should get you a new
one. a better one. Bash.
I'm flagging. Give us a bump?
Come on. then. This
is the energy we need!
♪ "Firestarter" by The Prodigy ♪
We're out. fellas.
Yeah. My dad would skin me alive
if he knew I was out with you.
My dad wouldn't bother
skinning me alive.
He'd just fucking kill me.
Eddie Harrigan. I'm
on Valjon's list.
Just about there.
Yeah. it says you only
got a plus-one. Eddie.
Well. now... it's plus three.
Let's have it!
Large and in charge!
All right. my darling. How
you getting on? You all right?
I'll be seeing you later.
What you looking at? Huh?
Whoo! Feisty one.
Oy. look at that!
Fucking hell. Pump it up.
Put your back into it.
- Fuck off!
- Right. sir.
♪ Hey. hey. hey ♪
Valjon. This is my mate. Tommy.
♪ Trouble starter.
punkin' instigator... ♪
You said one. not three.
My squad. mate? Four Musketeers.
One for all and all
for one. right. lads?
♪ I'm a fire starter.
twisted fire starter ♪
Keep an eye on them.
Listen. Eddie.
I've had enough.
What are you talking about?
- I'm going home.
- No. come on.
♪ Hey. hey. hey ♪
Watch out. mate.
You all right. mate?
You look a bit wet.
Yeah. I am looking a bit
wet. Yeah. hold that. Boggle.
♪ I'm the bitch you hated ♪
♪ Filth infatuated ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
How about you getting
a bit wet. you cunt?
Ooh! Keep your hair on. We're
only having a bit of fun.
Fun's over. now fuck off.
♪ Hey. hey. hey ♪
♪ I'm a fire starter ♪
♪ Twisted fire starter ♪
♪ Hey. hey. hey ♪
♪ You're the fire starter... ♪
Where's your blade now. cunt?
♪ Hey. hey. hey ♪
Jesus. Eddie. Fuck me!
Who's fucking next?
Huh? Come on. cunt.
You fucking want some? Come on!
Fucking hell.
- Fuck off.
- Easy now. bro.
Get out of the way!
Move!
Hey!
Move! Stop!
- Move!
- Hey!
Hey. get down!
♪ Hey. hey. hey ♪
♪ I'm the self-inflicted ♪
♪ Mind detonator ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ I'm the one infected ♪
♪ Twisted animator ♪
♪ Hey. hey. hey... ♪
Tommy?
Get over here.
Where'd you get off to?
Here.
Where the fuck did you
think I ran off to?
All right. don't shit yourself.
You really fucked that
one up. didn't you?
He launched and put his
hand in his back pocket.
Of course he was gonna get some.
You're a mad cunt. Eddie.
Come on. son.
We'll make it up to you.
Morning. sir.
Tom.
Come on.
Morning. sir.
Araf.
Knock. knock.
Anyone home?
Archie.
Morning. Maeve.
What are you doing here?
I thought you were dead.
Uh. no. That was Pete. my
brother. a few weeks back.
No. no. no. No. it was you.
because Conrad came to
me and he said. "Maeve.
I've got bad news.
Archie's dead."
You know he was in bits.
You are his oldest friend.
Wha...
Oh. no. no. Wait.
wait. I'm wrong.
No. I'm wrong. It
was someone else.
Well. come on. man.
What do you want?
Well. Conrad put the Bat-Signal
up. so I came running.
Is he here?
He's down by the
river. as usual.
You'll need your wellies.
It's boggy as fuck down there.
You know. that's strange.
Could've sworn you were dead.
Any joy?
Are those my wellies. Archie?
My Uncle Tommy used to say.
"If they're not biting.
chuck a whelk on. Fish go
potty for a cheeky whelk."
This is fly fishing. not
whelk fishing. Archie.
An artificial lure made of
fur. horse hair. feathers.
mimicking small invertebrates
to deceive. bamboozle.
hoodwink your prey.
It's a bit like
you then. Conrad.
Whelk? That's poaching.
Do you remember
him? Uncle Tommy?
How could I forget
your Uncle Tommy. now?
He taught me fishing
on the Regent's Canal.
Nine years old.
Showed me the blood
knot. the nail knot.
Then he tried to pull my
shorts down and grab my cock.
Well. that's a
bit disappointing.
Never tried to grab my cock.
That's because you were
never as cute as me. Archie.
I never knew Uncle
Tommy was a nonce.
I never knew he was a poacher.
Hmm.
That's an awful lot of
work for not a lot of fish.
Yeah. I agree.
It's a bit of a disappointment.
But a gentleman never
pours salt into the wound.
Where are we with the twins?
Stalemate. Lawyers
can't shift it an inch.
Huh. Have you ever
known a lawyer
who didn't like talking
to another lawyer
when he's on the clock?
Come here. come here.
Offer them 80%
plus 20% of the
commercial rental value
for two... two years.
Oh. the Maltese have
made an offer on heroin.
20% up on our dear
departed friends.
Bingo. There you have it now.
I told you that
was good business.
I want 25%.
And ten million up front.
Spread five million
around Hackney
and the other five million
can go to the Mexicans.
We got to make a move
on this fentanyl now.
Fentanyl? Well.
Richie won't be happy.
Yeah. well. you leave
Richie Stevenson to me now.
Yeah. but we don't want to
start a war with the Stevensons.
Why not? Hmm? Come
on now. Archie.
We're on a roll.
Why stop when you can carry on?
I tell you. we should
pull his pants down
and grab old Richie's cock.
So. what's the story on the BMW?
It's clean. I registered
her in Ipswitch.
I'll get another 75
horsepower out of her.
and then she'll be good to go.
If we burn her. it won't
come back to haunt us.
Where'd you get that?
Last night. St. John's Wood.
I've already got a
buyer for it in Kosovo.
Watch this.
All right.
Well. someone's got too much
time on her hands. innit?
Okay. Look.
Kiko's is in there. too.
- Plus a bonus. right?
- Mm-hmm.
I'll have the money tomorrow
for you for the BMW.
- Yeah?
- Okay. Bye.
Bye. love.
- Kev.
- We've got a situation.
- Can you get over here?
- House or yard?
House.
Eddie came home last night
covered in blood.
All right. mate. On my way.
Eddie!
They got CCTV. witnesses.
If his granddad finds
out. he's a dead man.
I'm fucking dead.
Morning. Harry.
Morning. Eddie.
Well. go on. Tell him.
Please don't. Dad.
I've got a throbber on.
Here.
Eddie. why don't you sit down?
Thank you.
- Can I have one?
- No. you fucking can't.
Don't make him one.
All right. what happened?
He stabbed up another
kid in a club.
I gave him a plunge.
Right. How badly
did you hurt him?
Search me.
What did you do with your knife?
- Tossed it.
- Where?
In the drink.
It's in the Thames.
Three feet of mud. never
gonna be seen again.
Where is the club?
Somewhere east.
You can either
help me now. right?
Or you can carry on doing
whatever it is that you're...
you're doing. and you will
end up doing five to ten
in Belmarsh for
attempted murder.
You're a fucking numpty.
- Where is the club?
- I've got the address
- in my phone.
- Right.
Can you guess what my
next question's gonna be?
Go and get your
stuff. Your shirt.
Everything you wore last
night. Pants. socks. the lot.
I've already bagged them
up. except his shoes.
- Eddie. where are your shoes?
- They're Italian.
- Oh. fuck's sake.
- Okay.
Great. Why don't you
wear them in court?
What if this kid dies?
We'll deal with it.
That boy's gonna give me
a fucking heart attack.
It's oat milk.
Oh. Uh. oat... oat milk?
Kevin had a checkup. He's
got high cholesterol.
The doctors put him on statins.
Now we're all supposed
to drink oat milk.
Well. can't he... Have
him have the oat milk.
and you just drink
the normal milk?
Suppose we could.
Keep a secret supply.
Drink it behind his back.
I don't suppose
he'd ever find out.
I don't think he would.
What's the code?
Six. nine. six. nine.
You have arrived at
your destination.
Sorry. mate. You
can't go in there.
Oh. yeah. Sorry.
Here you go. Is
your boss here?
Through the door.
down the corridor. take a
left. then go up the stairs.
Cheers. mate. Thank you.
Hello. mate.
- Can I help you?
- Yeah.
I want to speak to the
boss. You the boss?
What's it got to do with you?
I'm asking...
Can I take a look at your
CCTV from last night?
You're not a copper.
No.
Can I take a look at your
CCTV from last night. please?
No. you fucking can't.
I think we have a situation
developing here. don't we?
Let me fast-track this for you.
I am going to get
what I came for.
and you two are gonna help me.
No. No. don't do that.
No need to... to
do anything rash.
All right? Let's not make it
harder than it needs to be.
You don't have to get
up on account of me.
Thank you. love.
Sit down.
There you go.
I'm assuming you've
heard of the Harrigans.
I'm not talking to you.
Well. I'm a representative
of said family.
Do I need to go on?
'Cause you say you are
doesn't mean you fucking are.
This story's getting
really boring.
Right now. I am in first gear.
Would you like to see
me shift to sixth?
Well. that is unfortunate.
Do you know who
that man is there?
No.
That is Eddie Harrigan.
If you look after the Harrigans.
they will look after you.
You do not look
after the Harrigans.
heaven help you.
All right. I'm gonna
need the name of the. uh.
the boy that got stabbed.
Hughie Campbell.
Ooh. that was easy.
How'd you know his name?
He works here sometimes.
Does he? So you
have his number?
Can you call him?
Yo.
Hughie. just checking
up on you. How are you?
How do you think I am?
I've got a hole in
my fucking belly.
- Where are you?
- Where do you think?
I'm in the hospital.
Which one? I'll send
you some chocolates.
Homerton Memorial.
Chocolates are in the post.
- I don't like cho...
- Thank you.
Is that all you got in
the hard drive? That's it?
Delete all of it. You do that?
Yeah.
I trust you. Be safe.
Thank you. You can put
your hands down now.
And release.
Shake out those shoulders.
Release the tension.
Primal therapy addresses
early life neurosis.
as a result of
needs not being met.
These neuroses endure. creating
difficulties in later life...
in relationships.
self-esteem. happiness.
Yeah. Well. something is.
Did anything or any person
come to mind during the
process? Uh. a face?
- Uh...
- An individual?
Not really.
Well... actually. yeah.
Who?
H. what's up?
Hello. mate. Um.
a lad got stabbed in an
East End club last night.
He's called Hughie Campbell.
I just need to know if he's been
interviewed yet. Can you help?
Yeah. hang on a sec.
- Hello?
- Hello. Professor Chris.
Harry. I'm really busy.
I'm sorry. can I ask
you a question quickly?
I'm about to go into surgery.
Oh. I only need five
seconds of your time.
Do you have anybody at the
Homerton Memorial Hospital
- I can talk to?
- Yes.
- I've got someone there.
- Great. Can you send contact?
- Of course.
- Thank you. Thank you.
- What've you got?
- Two uniforms
are on their way to
Homerton Memorial
to talk to
Mr. Campbell right now.
That's fantastic. Thank you.
Hi. can I get a. um...
Yeah. sure. I'll
get it for you now.
Hi.
Hey.
Should I...?
Oh. yeah. sure.
Can I ask you a question?
How long have you been
doing the therapy?
That was my first time.
Oh.
Thank you.
Yeah. Me. too.
Do you think it's a load of...
Bollocks?
- Yeah.
- Oh. yeah. Totally.
It has to be bollocks. right?
Yeah.
And then. there was a
poor yoga lot next door.
Just sat there in lotus position
listening to a load
of screaming banshees.
Have you done ear candling?
Complete waste of time.
I tried reiki.
I'm lying there. I look up.
and the bloody therapist
over there on her phone
playing Candy Crush.
Oh. my God.
I-I'm Alice.
Oh. Jan.
- Nice to meet you.
- You. too.
I was just thinking...
too early for a glass of wine?
Why not?
Dr. Mistry?
- Mr. Da Souza.
- Hello.
- This way.
- Thank you.
How'd you know Chris?
Oh. I've known her for
years. She's an old friend.
She said you helped her once.
Yeah. once or twice. Yeah.
- There he is.
- All right.
First bed. You don't need
me for anything else?
No. lovely. thank
you. Thank you.
Morning. Hughie.
Who the fuck are you?
My name's Harry.
I'm a friend of Eddie Harrigan.
- Eddie supposedly stabbed you.
- Uh. nurse.
No. no. no. listen. listen.
- Nurse.
- Listen.
Eddie wants me to say
he's very. very sorry.
All right? He also wants to
offer his heartfelt apologies.
- Nurse!
- Mate. listen.
This is the NHS. all right?
So all these lovely nurses
are run off their
poor little feet.
trying to save people's lives.
which coincidentally is what
I'm trying to do for you.
I've just been
stabbed. you cunt.
No. you haven't.
That's not a stab.
Poor Eddie doesn't know
how to stab someone.
Now. if you had been stabbed...
proper stab. huh...
we wouldn't even be
having this discussion
about whether you
were stabbed or not.
- Do you understand?
- Mm-hmm.
Now... if you do as I say.
I promise you will never
see me again. ever.
- Right?
- Mm.
If you don't. in one
or two days' time.
when they let you out. right?
Which they will. all right?
Well. possibly one
of my associates...
all right. depending
on my availability...
will find you. Okay?
When we find you.
we will open all
of this up again.
And we'll start from there.
And I will do you serious.
serious fucking harm.
do you understand?
- Hmm.
- Yeah?
Mm-hmm.
Then I... or possibly them...
we will find you a
warehouse. and that's when
things start to rapidly
down fucking hill for you.
I mean rapid.
It really fucking
snowballs. mate.
Hmm.
Okay. In a minute. the
police are gonna come.
and they're gonna
take your statement.
- Mm.
- Your statement is this.
"I don't know who stabbed
me because it was dark."
All right? "I was
drunk or high."
- Do you get high?
- Uh. I mean. yeah.
- On?
- Ketamine.
Great. So. "I was
high on ketamine."
- Uh-huh.
- "So I can't possibly
identify him. can I?"
- Yeah.
- Well. say it. You go.
I... I didn't see who stabbed me
'cause I was. um...
- it was dark.
- Hmm.
- And I was high.
- On what?
- Ketamine.
- Okay.
Therefore. I-I couldn't
possibly identify him.
Mate. Mate. mate.
You're really nervous.
- Okay?
- What?
Just shake it out.
Not too much.
Look me in the eyes.
Go again. Convince me.
I didn't see who stabbed me.
'Cause it was dark.
And I was high.
On ketamine.
Yeah. so I couldn't
possibly identify him.
- Harry?
- Problem solved.
Good job.
It's wicker. More
eco-friendly.
It's cheaper. too. It's
becoming very popular.
You got anything
a bit more sturdy?
Yeah. perfect.
Ooh. Interesting shoes.
Yeah. Facinelli make
a really lovely shoe.
Those are not them.
Are you sure? That's
not what Tommy
said to me.
All right. all right.
Well. if you hear from him.
tell him to fucking
call his mother.
Richie?
I just spoke to
William. Tommy's friend.
Yeah. we all heard that. babe.
It was impossible not to.
Tommy said he was out
with William last night.
You lost me. Vron.
Your son. Richie.
hasn't come home.
and he lied about
who he was with.
Who are you? Miss Marple?
Why isn't he
answering his phone?
He's a red-blooded
male. I mean. trust me.
Right now.
he's more likely hanging
out the back of some bird.
Dos. if he's lucky.
Find him.
Yeah. all right. babe.
Excuse me. sir.
I believe this young
man was here last night.
I wonder if you'd recognize him.
I see 300 people
here every night.
How am I supposed
to recognize him?
I wonder if your security
cameras would recognize him.
Probably not.
Is that what you're
looking for. sir?
Capitán. Good news is.
we know Tommy was in Mayfair
till around 11:00 last night.
And the bad news?
You're not gonna like this.
Just tell me. Charl.
When he left.
he was with Eddie Harrigan.
All right. thanks. Charl.
Eddie fucking Harrigan.
- Richie.
- My Tommy was out
with your Eddie last night.
and he hasn't come home.
I don't think so.
My Eddie. he can't
stand your Tommy.
He thinks he's a cunt.
Yeah. Is that right?
Everyone does.
I've heard your old man's been
sniffing around the fentanyl.
Now. if he's using my Tommy
to lean on me. that is
bang out of order. Kev.
Richie.
We don't work like that.
If we want fentanyl. we'll
just take it off you.
Hmm. Now you listen to me.
You tell Conrad if my
Tommy ain't home by today.
I'm coming up there for you lot.
And I'm gonna start with you.
Do you understand me?
Fuck off. Richie.
Mug. Get the car.
Who said. "The most
pleasant life is one
where people are content
with simple things
- and avoid unnecessary desires"?
- Hey.
- Epicurus.
- Correct.
Which philosopher
believed "Happiness or...
'eudo-monia'"?
- Eudaimonia.
- Eudaimonia...
is a state of well-being
that people...
Plato.
Correct.
Which philosopher thought
happiness is found
through control over
one's surroundings?
- Hey. Dad.
- Hey. Gina.
- You all right. babe?
- Yeah.
"Section 04.1.
Read the following information.
Samir is in his bedroom
packing a suitcase
to go on holiday to Spain.
He realizes he has not
packed his toothpaste.
He goes to the bathroom.
but when he gets there.
he forgets what he needs.
Explain how context can affect
the accuracy of memory.
Refer to Samir's
experience in your answer."
Why don't you answer
that one. Harry?
- Huh?
- Thank you. Mum.
Look. um. about last night...
What about it?
Well. I feel like I
owe you an apology.
So I just want to say I'm sorry.
What for?
For... well. for my
part in-in. um...
the-the argument that
we had last night
and-and how I behaved.
And which part exactly
are you apologizing for?
You know. the part
that I... where I s...
I was out... out of line. Jan.
I said some things
I didn't mean to
and I hurt your feelings.
and I know that.
Okay? So...
I just wanted to clear the air
and say I'm sorry.
I'm better than that.
Well. thank you. Harry.
It means the world to me that
you've gone away. reflected...
- Yeah.
- ...and come back with something
constructive. straight
from the heart.
No. no. Gina's
being funny. right?
I was gonna say sorry anyway.
It just. um...
I'm not... I'm not sure what
we were really arguing about.
- So you don't remember.
- I remember.
but I don't quite
remember all of it.
Right. Let me
refresh your memory.
Go on.
Come off it!
I'm not being defensive!
There are two types
of couples. Harry.
Ooh. He sounds
defensive. doesn't he?
One... when they
reach a roadblock.
do everything they can to
solve their differences.
and ones who don't
and get divorced.
Yeah. I remember.
I remember that.
I'm not asking you
to grow an extra arm.
I'm asking you to go with
me to talk to someone.
I just think. you know.
like. a man and a woman.
they have their-their arguments
and their-their issues. yeah?
Their problems... and it's
their problems. right?
You don't got off and you
talk to other people about it.
All right. Our problems
are our problems.
Yeah.
You start.
- What-what do you mean?
- Anywhere you like.
No. babe. N-No.
it doesn't work.
it doesn't work like
that. I don't... I can't.
I can't operate under
that kind of pressure.
Seriously. last night
you had a lot of issues.
there was a wide spectrum
you've never even spoken before.
So I think I just need a
bit of time to process those
- and unpick them.
- And when do you plan
to do that. Harry?
I'm doing it all the time. babe.
I process morning. noon. night.
I'm processing... Ooh. Right.
I'm gonna need to take that.
Don't move.
Yeah. mate.
- Harry.
- Yeah?
Richie Stevenson's
been calling me.
Non-fucking-stop.
Says his boy Tommy never
came home last night.
Now. Richie says
Tommy was with Eddie.
All right. What
does Eddie say?
Well. Eddie says it's bollocks.
which is probably bollocks.
All right. Look. let me call
you straight back. yeah?
All right. mate.
Babe. I got to go. That's-that's
actually really important.
I need to deal with
that. I'm sorry. yeah?
Maria wanted to talk
to you about something.
Can it wait?
It's her mother.
- She's got worse.
- Oh. no.
They found a nice care home for
her. but they say they're full.
- Yeah.
- But then this week.
they took someone that wasn't
even on the waiting list.
Hey. that's quite normal.
you know. these days. babe.
Can they not just
find another home?
- Harry.
- What?
She's been with us for 12
years. cleaning up our shit.
I'm sure you can
think of something.
All right. I'll think
of something. Mm.
And in the interim. I think
you should book us a session.
It's called a "session." right?
- Yeah.
Book a session. Yeah.
Are you serious?
- I'll do one.
- All right.
Yeah? And if it's not for me.
unplan it. yeah? Uh. book it
for this week.
sometime... Not Friday.
Friday's bad.
Wednesday's not good either.
Tell you what. just book it.
Any day this week.
Let me know where it is.
and I will meet you there.
- Okay.
- I'll send you the details.
- Do it.
- You can meet me there.
- I will.
On your flying pig.
Oh. Babe.
If I say I'm going to
do something. yeah?
- Yeah.
- It gets done.
All right.
Wake up. Eddie.
It's Harry.
What'd you want?
Eddie. where are you?
What's it got to do with you?
He's in bed.
All right. you get
one go at this. Yeah?
Tell me the truth.
Were you with Tommy
Stevenson last night?
No. Obviously not.
Bella. take me off speaker.
Yeah. I'm right here.
I need to have a chat
with the governor.
Make sure that Eddie does not
leave that house. all right?
Okay.
Conrad. it's Harry.
Yeah. We don't want
this to escalate.
What's your move?
Um... I think we set a
meet tonight at Moody's.
That will guarantee my
safety and Richie's.
All right. Now listen to me.
You take some of
your people with you.
And if Richie wants
to get unruly...
if he wants to fuck
about in any way...
and you get a
chance. you take him.
You hear me?
Yeah. Understood.
Fuck me.
Hello. Harry.
Hey. Ana. How are the kids?
Yeah. All good.
Oh. good. Is Kiko there. please?
- Yes. one second.
- Thank you.
Es Harry.
Harry?
Yeah. Zosia's gonna pick
you up in an hour. Be ready.
Um. also. I need a couple
of things. super reliable.
- Long or short?
- Both.
Uh. something for you.
uh. something for me.
and something for
Zosia as well. yeah?
- Understood.
- Thank you.
- All right.
- Yeah.
So. the venue is the gym
just around the corner.
It's just gonna be me.
Richie and Moody in there.
Need you to pull the van up.
just at the top of the line.
so you can get
good eyeline on it.
I want you to stay in the van.
Kiko. I want you in the back.
on overwatch. If
anything goes off.
I need you to take a shot. Yeah?
But nothing happens on
the way in otherwise.
If. on the way out. you
see me tap my pockets.
I want you to give
Richie the good news.
And anyone else
he's with as well.
Cheers. mate.
- Hello. Moody.
- Evening. Harry.
Here's your deposit. 50 grand.
50 grand. Good man.
Richie's paid.
Everyone behaves
themselves in there.
you get that back in 48 hours.
- minus my fee.
- Yeah. yeah. yeah.
Let me give you a pat-down. son.
Phone please. Harry.
All right. This way.
All right. mate.
Take a seat if you want. Harry.
- Want a tea or a coffee?
- Yeah. tea. lovely.
Rich. you want a cup
of tea or something?
Go on. I'll have a tea.
Richie.
Do you know what some people
say about the Harrigans?
That they're getting
too comfortable.
too complacent. too arrogant.
I could keep unfurling
adjectives all day long.
but I know you get the picture.
Anyway. that's what "they"
say. it's not what I say.
You may be wondering
what's the connection
between complacency
and arrogance.
They don't sound like
they're closely related.
But they are.
They're not siblings.
they're cousins.
Do you know why that is. H?
I don't know.
Success breeds complacency.
Complacency breeds hubris.
Hubris breeds arrogance.
Not only are you a man
that can dig holes.
you can also play chess.
I like that. In fact.
I like you. Harry.
In spite of our
natural antagonism.
I can see that
you're loyal. smart.
You might even be wise.
I'm flattered. Thank you.
The only issue we have is
you're on the wrong team.
- Do you like me. H?
- Not really. no.
I've always thought you
were a bit of a cunt.
All right. gents.
Why don't we stick to
the matter at hand?
My boy didn't come home.
and I know that he was with
Eddie Harrigan last night.
- Right. Says who?
- Does it fucking matter?
Where's Eddie?
I need to see Eddie Harrigan.
I need to hear it from his
own mouth. face to face.
whether he was with
my boy last night.
Oh. come on. Richie. You
know that you can't just
summon the governor's
grandson like that.
If you make things
difficult for me.
it won't end well
for you. Harry.
Richie.
Come on. mate. you
know the protocols.
That's why you both put
50 grand in the pot.
To stop all this nastiness.
So before you blow your
jets. let me save you
that 50K and. uh.
no more threats.
This is about my
fucking boy. Moody.
Not a kilo of chop or some
brass that's taken a slap.
This is my fucking blood.
Now. either I talk
with Eddie Harrigan.
or there will be
a fucking drama.
All right. Richie.
You're emotional. I get that.
You know. you just got
to simmer down here.
I tell you what
I can do. Right?
I will personally
speak to Eddie.
And we will get to
the bottom of this.
You got till noon tomorrow.
Noon is good.
There you go. Harry.
Oh. thanks. Cheers.
mate. Thank you.
Good man. Well done.
Yes. be safe. mate.
Harry's out.
Conrad.
Where are we?
Yeah. Eddie's lying.
If Tommy's gone.
there's gonna be a war.
We can do Richie
now. It's your call.
I'm thinking.
Conrad?
He's making his way
to the car now.
He's stopped. having a chat.
Archie's here.
Maeve. shut the door.
Where is he now?
Still chatting.
Yep. Hang about.
hang about. Maeve.
Harry's got Richie Stevenson in
the crosshairs. Stick or twist?
- Conrad.
- Oh. wait. wait.
Is stick "do him"
or is that "twist"?
Of course "twist" is "do him."
He's moving.
You need to make a decision.
He's about ten seconds from
getting in his vehicle.
Nine.
- Eight.
- If we're gonna do this.
- we better get a move on.
- Seven.
Six.
About three seconds. Conrad.
Stick.
It's off.
For the avoidance of doubt.
let the cunt live.
Stand down.
Why? Just out of interest.
Why?
It's obvious. Wrong
place. wrong time.
Huh. How's that?
Number one. we don't
know what Eddie knows.
- Uh-huh. Uh-huh.
- We don't know where Tommy is.
And two. don't you want to be
there when Richie gets done?
I know I fucking do.
Yeah.
- Oh. it's Kevin.
- Oh.
All right. Let's get
this show on the road.
- Mm-hmm.
- Yep.
Oh.
You didn't tell
me she was coming.
Oh. my mistake.
Is that your pet name for her?
Seraphina! My
number one daughter.
Don't you mean your
number one child?
Ah. Look at you now.
Eldest son present.
FYI. And youngest son.
Oh. Brendan. you're
looking very dapper there.
- with your fancy scarf.
- Mm.
"Dapper." or
"worryingly creepy"?
Ah. Seraphina.
How I've missed your
kittenish banter.
Uh. listen. before
I forget. Um.
I've got a proposition for you.
Sounds ominous.
- Evening. Kevin.
- Dad.
Yep.
Where are we with
Tommy and Eddie?
Ah. leave Tommy and Eddie to me.
Come on in. We've got news.
- Hi. Arch.
- All right.
- All right. Mama.
- Hi.
Brendan. what the
fuck are you wearing?
Just a scarf.
Ooh. family lawyer's
here. Must be serious.
How are you?
He wouldn't have
called a meeting
- if it wasn't serious.
- Mama.
Hey. listen. Conrad.
Something's been bothering me.
Yes. What you said
about Uncle Tommy.
- Mm-hmm.
- Having a fiddle.
I had no idea.
I mean. in my head all these
years. he's been a beacon.
Staunch. Reliable.
I was wondering. is that
why he. you know. emigrated?
Oh. Tommy emigrated. all right.
To a pig farm in Norfolk.
Oh. you...
Hey.
Hiya. What?
Speaking of mistakes...
Uh-huh.
Did you know old Archie's
been going behind your back
with The Fire?
- Bollocks.
- Mm.
Don't believe me?
Just watch his face when
you mention the "F" word.
Right.
The twins have agreed
to our terms. Hmm?
It's only taken two years to
reel the poncey fuckers in.
but I'd had enough.
I sent Archie
to work his magic.
Archie took my offer to the
twins. and the twins bought it.
- That's good work. boy.
- Now. this deal takes us
to the next level.
It'll throw off the thick
end of a million per week.
But we still have to
service a shit ton of debt
before the building
starts washing its face.
Now. before the twins
agreed to play ball.
we were pulling in... ooh.
north of two million per week
across our slate. that was.
Heroin's booming.
Guns. too.
But we can't let the grass grow.
Moreover. I have my
own nut to think of.
least of all you
beloved fuckers.
Bloodsucking lawyers. et cetera.
Now. the question is.
how do we fund this
expansion? Hmm?
Fentanyl.
Hmm? Mm-hmm.
Start a crackdown.
The Stevensons
sealed up The Fire
right across London
north and south.
Now. I know some of you
thought I'd lost the plot.
missed the boat. nothing doing.
Who controls The Fire?
The answer? The Mexicans.
Now. we all know the
Mexicans are a bunch
of jumpy. impracticable.
insane. dangerous cocksuckers.
So I thought to
myself. "Who do I know
who's also a jumpy.
impracticable.
insane. dangerous cocksucker?
Richie Stevenson."
So. I sat back and I let
Richie fill up his boots.
knowing it was only a matter
of time before the Mexicans
got sick of the cunt.
stuck an apple in his mouth
and spit-roast him
for Cinco de Mayo.
Whereupon we come
in at a lower price.
because now there's
no competition.
- So...
- May I say something. Conrad?
Please. Be my guest.
Yeah. w-with the utmost respect.
I'm not sure if fentanyl
is the solution.
Number one. it's bad news.
And two. we've got
enough beef with Richie
over Tommy and Eddie.
And the Mexicans...
Go on. You've got
the floor now.
Nah. Ignore me.
Okay. So.
you're saying
there. now. Archie.
we should leave things
as they are. Huh?
With Richie in charge.
Of the fentanyl.
Well. I'm just saying we
could perhaps discuss it.
We? Could discuss it?
I'm gonna take a piss.
Listen. Maeve. Can
you talk to him?
Um. I mean. maybe we do this.
but it's all about timing.
Uh...
This ruck with Richie
over Tommy is surely
not the moment.
I mean. am I the
only one here who...
You know. Archie...
you make a much
better arse-licker
than you do a traitor.
What?
I'm saying. Archie.
you're a much
better toady yes-man
than a traitor.
A traitor?
How much is Richie paying
you to keep us off The Fire?
Three. four. five percent?
That's better.
Oh. Archie. I tell you.
Come here. give me your hands.
- Oh.
- What?
Ah...
Is this what happens when
you go behind my back?
- Huh?
- No. listen. Conrad.
I swear on my life.
on our childhoods.
Maeve? Are you lying to me?
Is this a windup?
Stick or twist.
baby. Stick or twist.
Wha...
Is this some kind of piss-take?
Yes. Archie.
The piss has been taken.
- Dad!
- Ah. fuck!
Mm.
Well. now. there you go.
Call Harry.
Get your fucking
hands off me. woman!
♪ "Starburster" by
Fontaines D.C. ♪
♪ It may feel bad ♪
♪ I wanna see you alone.
I wanna sharp the stone ♪
♪ I wanna bounce the bone.
I wanna mess with it ♪
♪ I wanna lay the Deville.
the whole crew on the sill ♪
♪ I want the preacher and
pill. I wanna bless with it ♪
♪ I wanna bite the phone.
I wanna bleed the tone ♪
♪ I wanna see you alone.
alone. alone. lone ♪
♪ I wanna strait the shark and
find me somewhere to park ♪
♪ Like the light when it's dark.
it's dark. it's dark. dark ♪
♪ A few stars about make it
feel like peace in a way ♪
♪ A complimentary round ♪
♪ Constellation
got a twist in it ♪
♪ For a GPO and all
the hits in it ♪
♪ I'm gonna hit your business
if it's momentary blissness ♪